doc edits (#154)
COSIMA/regional-mom6: demos/premade_run_directories/readme_premade_rundirs.md

## Premade Run Directories

> These folders are used for the demo notebooks, and can be used as templates for setting up a new experiment. The [documentation](https://github.com/COSIMA/regional-mom6/blob/main/docs/mom6-file-structure-primer.md) explains what all the files are for.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These folders are used for the demo notebooks, and can be used as templates for setting up a new experiment. The [documentation](https://regional-mom6.readthedocs.io/en/latest/mom6-file-structure-primer.html) explains what all the files are for.
```

> The `common_files` folder contains all of the required files for a regional MOM6 run, including a `data_table` with constant surface forcing as a placeholder. The other two directories offer different choices for the surface forcing, affecting the `data_table`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `common_files` directory contains all of the required files for a regional MOM6 run, including a `data_table` with constant surface forcing as a placeholder. The other two directories offer different choices for the surface forcing, affecting the `data_table`.
```
